v1.5 Docs Refresh (#1010)
panther-labs/panther: docs/gitbook/log-analysis/setup.md

Log into the AWS Console of the account that owns the S3 bucket. Select the AWS Region where your S3 buckets are located, navigate to the **CloudFormation** console, and click on **Create Stack** (with new resources).

![](../.gitbook/assets/create-sns-topic-1.png)

Under the `Specify template` section, enter the following Amazon S3 URL:

```
https://panther-public-cloudformation-templates.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/panther-log-processing-notifications/latest/template.yml
```

![](../.gitbook/assets/create-sns-topic-2.png)

Specify the stack details below:

|         Field         | Description                                                                                |
| :----------------------: | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Stack name`    | A name of your choice, e.g. `panther-log-processing-notifications-<bucket-label>` |
| `MasterAccountId`     | The 12 digit AWS Account ID where Panther is deployed |
| `PantherRegion`   | The region where Panther is deployed |
| `SnsTopicName`     | The name of the SNS topic receiving the notification, by default this is `panther-notifications-topic`  |

> Click on **Next**, **Next**, and the n**Create Stack**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on **Next**, **Next**, and then **Create Stack**.
```

There are other variations and advanced configurations available for more complex use cases and considerations. For example, instead of using S3 event notifications for CloudTrail data you may have CloudTrail directly notify SNS of the new data.

## Viewing Collected Logs

> After log sources are configured, your data can be searched with the [Data Analytics](../../ennterprise/data-analytics/README.md) page!

Reviewer 2: This link [Data Analytics] gives a 404 page not found error. The last heading "Viewing Collected Logs"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After log sources are configured, your data can be searched with the [Data Analytics](https://docs.runpanther.io/v/jacknaglieri-docs-refresh/enterprise/data-analytics) page!
```
